Info: Allocated memory for packet descriptor contents
Info: Constructing network device...
Info: Constructed network device.
Info: Initialising network driver...
Info: built 36 descriptors (of length 64) from 0 bytes of memory
Driver: 4 packet descriptors in receiver pool
Driver: 2 received packet descriptors can be queued for each of 11 applications
Driver: 10 packet descriptors can be queued for sending
Info: Initialised network driver.
Info: Constructing fake applications...
Info: Constructed fake applications.
Info: receiver for application 1 is running.
Info: sender for application 2 is running.
Info: sender for application 1 is running.
Info: receiver for application 2 is running.
Info: receiver for application 0 is running.
Info: sender for application 3 is running.
Info: receiver for application 3 is running.
Info: sender for application 4 is running.
Info: sender for application 0 is running.
Info: receiver for application 4 is running.
Info: sender for application 5 is running.
Info: receiver for application 5 is running.
Info: sender for application 6 is running.
Info: receiver for application 6 is running.
Info: sender for application 7 is running.
Info: sender for application 8 is running.
Info: receiver for application 9 is running.
Info: receiver for application 7 is running.
Info: receiver for application 8 is running.
Info: sender for application 9 is running.
Info: sender for application 10 is running.
Info: receiver for application 10 is running.
[Device> Info: network device ready, pausing prior to input...
Info: application 3 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 3 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 3 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 7 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 7 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 7 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 8 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
[Device> packet successfully sent.
[DRIVER> Info: Sent a packet after 1 tries
Info: application 1 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 1 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 1 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 2 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 2 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 2 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 4 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 5 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 5 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 5 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 6 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 6 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 6 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 9 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 8 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
[Device> packet successfully sent.
[DRIVER> Info: Sent a packet after 1 tries
Info: application 0 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 0 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 0 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 4 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 10 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 10 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 10 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 8 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 failed to send a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 8